So one question that I think is important for us to realize is when we're
talking about mentorship in a relationship, it's not just the mentor
teaching the mentee. I think there's a lot that the mentee can
really teach that mentor. It's both ways. Not only that is, I think
even if you think that you're at the bottom level and you're the one
being mentored, there's always somebody below you that needs the same
type of mentorship. So as you are seeking out a mentor, you should
be seeking out someone that you can mentor yourself, and I think that
will be very holistic for you. It gives yourself a 3 60 view of
your own personality and would be beneficial both ways.